### Ownership
- Three Rules of Ownership
    - Each value has a variable binding called its owner.
    - There can only be one owner at a time.
    - When an owner goes out of scope, it does not remain accessible.
- When the variable goes out of scope, Rust calls function `drop` automatically at the closing curly bracket (to deallocate the memory).


### Copy Type
- The ownership state of the original variable (whose value is assigned to another variable) is set to copied state. 
- This means that the value of the assignee variable is copied to the assigned variable. 
- A copy of the value is created so that the assignee variable gets the ownership of the value but both the variables have their own copies.
    - Variable assignment in case of primitive data type is a copy type.
    - pass by value in a function call is an example of copy type
    
- Why is a primitive type copied?
    - Primitive types are stored on the stack and it’s fast and cheap to copy them.
        ```rust
        fn main() {
            let a = 1;
            let b = a; // copy of 'a' is created
            println!("a:{} , b:{}", a, b); // print 'a' and 'b'
        }
        // a:1 , b:1
        ```
    - `array`
      ```rust
      fn main() {
          let a = [1,2,3];
          let b = a; // copy of 'a' is created 
          println!("a:{:?} , b:{:?}", a, b); // print 'a' and 'b'
      }
      // a:[1, 2, 3] , b:[1, 2, 3]
      ```  
### Moved Type
- The ownership state of the original variable (whose value is assigned to another variable) is set to moved.
- This means that the original variable binding cannot be accessed.
- Why is non-primitive type moved?
  - Non-primitive types are stored on the heap. 
  - When one variable is assigned to another variable, two variables will point to the same value. 
  - This can’t happen since it violates ownership rule 2 - if one string/vector will have two owners and one of them changes the value of string there is no way for the other to know. 
  - When there is time to clean up the memory, both will try to find the string to clean it. 
  - This would lead to memory corruption. To avoid this, the Rust compiler moves the owner to the assigned variables and makes the other one inaccessible.
- `clone` If you still want both variables to have the same value and be able to use both the variables, it is possible to copy the value of one variable to the other using the `clone` function.
