### Data-types
- Implicit definition
```rust
let a = 10;
```
- Explicit definition
```rust
let a:i32 = 10;
```
### Primitive Data types
 - Scalar
     - Numeric
        - Integer
            - Fixed Size Types
                - `i8` `i16` `i32` `i64`
                - `u8` `u16` `u32` `u64`
            - Variable Size Types `The integer type in which the particular size depends on the underlying machine architecture.`
                - `isize` The pointer-sized signed integer type.
                - `usize` The pointer-sized unsigned integer type.
        - Float 
            - `f32` single-precision `f64` double-precision floating-point.
     - Non-Numeric
        - Boolean
            - `true/false`
        - Character
            - `let ch:char ='a'; // single quotes `
            - `let st:&str = "Rust Programming"; // double quotes ` string is any sequence of characters enclosed within double quotes. 
 - Compound
    - Array
        - homogenous sequence of elements
        - By default, arrays are immutable.
        - An array can only be of a fixed length
        - By default, the first element is always at index 0.
        - declare an array ` let arr:[i32; 4] = [1, 2, 3, 4]; `
        - Access an element in an array ` arr[0] `
        - making an array mutable ` let mut arr:[i32;4] = [1, 2, 3, 4]; `
        - print a full array using debug trait. ` println!("Array: {:?}", arr); `
        - get length of the array. ` arr.len(); `
        - Slice is basically a portion of an array.
            - Size of the slice is unknown at compile time.
            - Slice is a two-word object, 1st word is data-pointer & 2nd word is slice length.
            - `let _slice:&[i32] = &arr[1..3];`  
    - Tuple
        - heterogeneous sequences of elements
        - tuples are of fixed length.
        - `let data : (&str, &str, i32) = ("Alice", "Lavine", 32);`
        - access the value of the tuple `data.1`
        - making tuples mutable `let mut data : (&str, &str, i32) = ("Alice", "Lavine", 32)`
        - print tuple `println!("Tuple - Data : {:?}", data)`
        - getting length of the tuple is not possible, unlike `array.len()`.
        

### Constant Variables
- `const` keyword to be used. 
- Constant variables are ones that are declared constant throughout the program scope, meaning, their value cannot be modified.
- They can be defined in global and local scope.
- `const ID: u32 = 6767;`
- Differences between const and let variables.
    - Scope: `const` variables can be declared in global and local scope, unlike `let` variables that are declared only in the local scope.
    - Mutability: `const` variable cannot be mutable unlike `let` which can be made mutable using `mut` keyword.
    - Data-type: Unlike `let` variables, it is mandatory to define the data type of `const` variables.
    - Set Value at Runtime: The value of `const` variable can only be set before running the program whereas the `let` variable can store the result at runtime.
    - Shadowing: Unlike `let` variables, `const` variables cannot be shadowed.
    
