An operator is a symbol that takes one or more values and outputs another. It tells the compiler to perform some sort of operation.
### Type of Operators
- Unary Operators
    - Borrow Expression (&, &mut)
        - Borrowing means to reference the original data binding or to share the data.
        - References are just like pointers in C. 
        - Two variables gets into borrowing relationship when the referenced variable holds a value that the referencing variable borrows. 
        - The referencing variable simply points to the memory location of the referenced variable.
        - Types of borrowing
            - Shared borrowing: A piece of data that is shared by single or multiple variables but it cannot be altered
            ```rust
              let x = 10;
              let a = &x; // can only read the value of x
              let ref a = y; // equivalent of above
            ```
            - Mutable borrowing: A piece of data that is shared and altered by a single variable (but the data is inaccessible to other variables at that time)
            ```rust
              let mut x = 10;
              let a = &mut x; // can only read & change the value of x
            ```
            - Mutable references (mutable borrow operations) are moved while immutable references (shared borrow operations) are copied.
    - Dereference Expression (*)
        - Once you have a mutable reference to a variable, de-referencing is the term used to refer to changing the value of the referenced variable using its address stored in the referring variable.
        - `*operand1 = operand2 `de-reference a value, point to the value of a mutable borrow variable and can also update that variable name.
        ```rust
            let mut y = 13;
            //mutable reference to a variable
            let b = &mut y;
            *b = 155;
        ``` 
    - Bitwise operators(!, <<, >> )
    - Logical Negation Expression
- Binary Operators
    - Arithmetic Expression (+,-,*,/,%)
    - Logical Expression (&&,||)
    - Comparison Expression (>,<,>=,<=,!=,==)
    - Bitwise Expressions (&,!,^)
    - Assignment Expression (=)
    - Compound Assignment Expression (-=,+=,/=,%=,*=)
    - Typecast Expression (as)
        ```rust
        let a = 15;
        let b = (a as f64) / 2.0; 
        ```
        - Integer can be type casted to floating-point and vice versa.
        - Integer can be type casted to String
        - String `&str` or character cannot be type casted to the data type of type integer or float.
        - Character cannot be type casted to String type and vice versa.
